[CN-1082] Update MC ingress in external access page (#158)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/management-center-external-access.adoc

|===

=== Example Management Center LoadBalancer Configuration

The example configuration below does the following:

> - Expose Management Center using a dedicated load balancer for your Management Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose Management Center using a dedicated load balancer
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/management-center-loadbalancer.yaml[]
----

=== Example Management Center Ingress Configuration

The example configuration below does the following:

> - Expose Management Center using Ingress defined on the https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/[Ingress].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expose Management Center using Ingress defined on https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/[Ingress].
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
include::ROOT:example$/management-center-ingress.yaml[]
----

> WARNING: The paths, consisting of multiple segments (e.g., "/hazelcast/mancenter"), are supported as of Management Center version 5.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Paths that consist of multiple segments, such as _/hazelcast/mancenter_, are supported from Management Center version 5.4.0.
```

Reviewer: Why is this a warning? Is anything broken by this change? What are the implications of this change?

Author: The complex paths like `/hazelcast/mancenter` will be supported after 5.4.0.

What is the best label for this message?

Reviewer: NOTE: should be sufficient
